history Boyd easy academics now Troy
average that's the moniker given to New
York rapper Troy Ave who has vowed that
he will return the villain to New York
now let me tell you this for all you
nostalgic fools niggas if you want that
oh shit
go buy those old albums cause that
feeling is gone it won't permeate the
same way once did you can't Jam two dips
there or you can't see the nowadays
youth Jam it to some dip set g-unit LOX
some early 2000 New York sound and shit
even it could even be the early 90s and
they're out here rocking and fuckin
gyrating and leggings and they're on
their pretty boy swag and trying to be
bad bitches just doesn't work now if you
let Troy F tell it he's gonna bring back
the feeling he's gonna restore it but
now he recently did a freestyle trying
to bring back New York and I'm sway
exposed him for China low-key rap a
pre-written freestyle off his iPhone now
this is why the bring back the feeling
this is why that shit's kind of retarded
when Drake first came out he wrapped a
bunch of deflated raps with his unibrow
all scrunched together talking about
doing donuts in the Aston while reading
off his blackberry
New York rappers in New York hip hop
fans laughed at him they're like look at
this clown ass nigga this is who's gonna
run rap
he's over here rapping off his
blackberry yet in an ironic how every
New York rapper now jumps on any
throwaway instrumental he puts out there
also mimicking his flows ain't that a
goddamn bitch
but as far as Troy F goes I'm not
disappointed for me to be disappointed I
would have expected more which means I
would have expected him to probably
deliver some dope ass freestyle no I
didn't and deliver it off the top of his
head now if it was a NAS it was jay-z if
it was a Kendrick I'd be like damn homie
at least give us the facade or put on
the facade like you're actually finding
these legs off the top of your head
because come on now we've got to get
real we all know that all these free
styles
they're not really free sales anymore
right I mean Calle which is kinda onic
was one the last people to actually do
freestyling he would actually come up
and make shit up off the top of his head
now if you hear someone spitting a bun
- freestyle lyrics and they're supposed
to be making it up off the top of their
head and they're arriving all types of
complex rhyme schemes and patterns and
and they're thrown in all types of
Maltese in a double entendre it's
probably not off the top of their head
probably happen the rhyme book for some
song you haven't heard it that's just
reality now let's think about this to me
Troy Ave he's just a character the fact
that he has a duty oh he has a dude in
his crew called Avon blocks dale that
says it all he grew up off these guys he
grew up watching a while you're watching
Dipset the locks all these early crews
and he wants to kind of get that by
completely digging but as far as him
generally I'm not I'm not seen it yet he
needs to put out some hits that that's
my solution to most of these rappers you
put out some hits you may be a believer
put out some fucking hits now do I think
you restored the feeling no why because
he won't have those hits that is
reminiscent of that feeling or he
started big enough he had that at my
style yeah one song that sounded kind of
like the in the club joint but now you
have to continue and you have to make
those songs that they're hits not only
regionally not regionally where you're
in the biggest market which is New York
now you got to make those hits where
it's permeating across the south the
West Midwest you got to make those hits
now here's the funny part of this whole
thing in the whole video and you guys
could click the link in the description
if you didn't see it it's pretty
hilarious you can watch a whole
freestyle but I'm young leader was
actually fired because he was actually
spending some hard shit which is
surprising that he actually outshined
and showed up Troy hatch he's supposed
to be on the Troy app you would think
Troy Apple to leave school him and he's
counting money he's reminded me of
camera on BT when he was on rap city
delivered one of the most classic
freestyle sessions ever if you've never
seen a diff set of rhapsody the basement
classic but he reminded me of that
except he wasn't spitting shit he was
more focused on the fucking Benjamins
and he was actually focused on the bars
so as far as this been a good look for a
Troy average
no definitely not and now I'm definitely
all for him to shed the moniker of being
Troy average but getting off shine
by the dude that's under you while
you're selling come up it's not the way
to go so I gotta give kudos to sway for
exposing this and I'm I gotta say damn
Troy yeah listen man forget all these
freestyling shit come with some melodies
make some hits try to get us to uh
restored the feeling and maybe we'll buy
into you man but right now we're just
not believing it we're not believing
Troy have at all
we're not believing it we're looking at
it more like you believe it you I know
you believe because you're telling us to
believe it because you believe it and
but we don't believe we really don't
believe but what do you guys think about
this uh Troy ever you might want your
average he was exposed Weiss way that he
was reading a pre-written freestyle off
his iPhone while rapping now she bored
these academics again the comment box
Mitch you guys like definitely subscribe
I'm out